CSGo expert system

Tanveer Bariana
XAVIER LAMPHERE

CSc-180
Fall 2017
Project 1 - EXPERT SYSTEMS / FUZZY LOGIC

----------------------------------------------

Introduction and Background

    -  short overview of the project
	we have designed an expert system to assist in the descion making proccess that many players 
	of Counter Strike face at the start of a round. We prompt the user repeatedly to determine 
	important factors such as round number and equipment. We hope to make the start of rounds go 
	by much faster by educating the user on the proper steps to take given their current situation.
   
   -  describe the motivation and/or problem you are trying to solve
	

Knowledge Engineering

    -  describe your expert, being as specific as possible
    -  describe the knowledge engineering you did to obtain his/her knowledge
    -  did you make any simplifications?  did you constrain the application?

Expert System Design

    -  describe how you organized the knowledge obtained from the expert
    -  give an overview of the rules, facts, inputs, and outputs
    -  thoroughly explain where and how fuzzy logic was utilized
         (include thorough definitions of the fuzzy sets and fuzzy values)
    -  show some sample scenarios illustrating your program in action.

Conclusion

    -  how well did your approach work?  Does your system give good answers?
    -  any known bugs or unresolved issues?
    -  any limitations?  Any situations where your system can't be relied
        upon to give the right advice?

APPENDIX A (installation guide)

	
    -  how to install and run your program.
	
	we are assuming you are running this on windows, Mac support documentaion will arise 
	as we gain expeirence in it.
	The prerequisites for running our program is to have CLIPSwin.exe on your computer. 
	1. download and run CLIPSwin.exe from wherever it is on your machine 
	2. locate where CounterStrikeStartOfRound.CLP is on your computer for later use
	3. open CLIPSwin.exe
	4. type and run the (clear) command in the terminal 
	5. click the file Tab
	6. click on "Load Constructs" 
	7. locate CounterStrikeStartOfRound.CLP in the window that opens up
	8. open CounterStrikeStartOfRound.CLP
	9. in the CLIPSwin.exe terminal run the (reset) command
	10. in the terminal run the (run) command
	
APPENDIX B (user's guide)

    -  explain how the user enters their data, and how to interpret the output.
	1. you will be propmted for variouse answers
		-your answer should be either be "yes" or "no", without quotes, if there is no clear answer in the question
		ex> (is it round 15) would be yes or no
		ex> (are you CT or T) would be CT or T
	2. after you reach the end where the expert system gives you advice you 
	must run the (reset) command before running it again
		- the advice usually comes in the form of a message "buy <item you need to buy>"
		- it may vary in wording but should be pretty similar
References

    -  the expert (if they allow you to mention them by name,
         otherwise describe the expert(s) and their background).
	Andres Castenada (expert)
		- has and estimated 7000 recorded hours playing CounterStrike and 
		and an aditional 5000 unrecorded hours 
		- he played one step just below teh semi-professional level
		for a majority of that time.
	
    -  cite any other sources you utilized during the project
         (webpages, books, etc.).  Use proper citation and
         bibliography style... if you don't know how to do that,
         ask your instructor.